Creeping Dark
=============

A standard kitchen-sink tech mod pack. With a bit of exploration. And a 
bit of progression. And an artifact hunt quest. But mostly a standard
kitchen-sink tech mod pack.

Also, the sun is slowly being blotted out.

Welcome to Creeping Dark, a mod pack about saving the world. It contains many
of your standard tech, magic, and dimension mods, with a twist. A plague is
slowly covering the sky, blocking the sun. You must find the Sixteen keys to
the end, retrieve the Dragon's egg, and bring it back to the Earth to cure
it. Each tier of technology unlocks a new dimension, and each dimension
unlocks a new tier of technology... and one of the Keys.

While there is a progression mechanic, the recipes are unchanged, with a few
exceptions. Once you've "unlocked" a mod, it works the way it always has.

About This Repository
---------------------

This repository contains the files that make the pack, minus ths mods. This
includes configuration, scripts, custom assets, and worldgen structures. The
'mods.txt' file contains a list of the mod files used by the pack, though
normally these would be downloaded and installed as part of a Curse pack
file.

License
-------

This pack and its assets (not including the mods, which are copyright their
respective authors) are released under the MIT license:

Copyright 2020 Nathan Roberts

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to
deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the
rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or
sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS
IN THE SOFTWARE.

